Update based on feedback (#58006)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/create-file-share.md

2. Open the storage account you created in [Set up a storage account](#set-up-a-storage-account).

> 3. Click on File shares and selcet the target file share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **File shares**, then select the name of the file share you plan to use.
```
